[Pages] known issues addition (#4024)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/platform/known-issues.md

- Cloudflare's Load Balancer does not work with `*.pages.dev` projects; an `Error 1000: DNS points to prohibited IP` will appear.
- A GitHub or GitLab account cannot be attached to more than one Cloudflare account.
- [Functions (beta)](/pages/platform/functions/) does not currently support adding/removing polyfills, so your bundler (for example, Webpack) may not run.

> - When adding a custom domain, the domain may get stuck verifying due to being unable to validate a request for a SSL on that hostname. In order for the SSL to validiate, ensure Cloudflare Access or a Cloudflare Worker is allowing request to the validation path: `http://{domain_name}/.well-known/pki-validation/*`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When adding a custom domain, the domain may get stuck verifying due to being unable to validate a request for an SSL on that hostname. In order for the SSL to validate, ensure Cloudflare Access or a Cloudflare Worker is allowing requests to the validation path: `http://{domain_name}/.well-known/pki-validation/*`.
```
